Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Yeah.
That's my heart pounding.
Biggest fight
of my life...
Title shot.
Anthony Rodriguez
is my name.
They call me lefty.
Anyway,
I wasn't suppose to be here.
People will doubt you
until you prove them wrong.
Too many haters out there,
who don't have the balls
to strive for their dreams.
So they shit on yours.
Now it comes down
to 36 minutes
in the ring, Max.
And all those thoughts
stirring through my head
don't mean a damn thing
until that bell rings.
This is one
for the ages, folks!
Who would believe
Rodriguez would be
in the 10th round
with Dawson?
I said right!
Yeah! Throw that hook!
Watch it!
Yeah!
A strong finish in the round
for Rodriguez.
Huh! Nothing, huh?
How does it feel
to get your ass kicked
in front of world, huh?
In front
of the world, baby!
Dawson just won't let up
with the taunting.
Hey! Don't let him
get into your head, man.
That's his game.
Tonight is your night.
That fucking belt
belongs to you. All right?
Brooklyn! Brooklyn!
He's from the neighborhood.
He's a Brooklyn boy.
Now you go on there
and you go get him!
Get him!
Round 11, folks,
and it doesn't get
any better than this
here at Caesars Palace,
Atlantic city.
--Each your corner.
Rodriguez is down
for the third time,
and, folks,
this might be it.
-Three...
-Come on, get up!
Four...
Five, six...
-Seven...
-Get up! Come on!
Are you kidding me!
Don't let him
take your heart!
You kidding me?
You want another beating?
He's back on his feet.
Unbelievable heart
from Rodriguez.
Are y'all seeing this?
Let's go!
Now get that air
in your lungs and let's go!
Dawson's looking to close
this round out strong!
There you go! There you go!
Stop, break. Let's go.
Lay the fuck down,
you dumb Guinea-rican!
Do yourself
a fucking favor, man.
Lay down, motherfucker.
Yeah!
Oh, what an upper cut
from Rodriguez!
Well, folks,
you'll get your money's worth
on this one.
A true
middleweight classic.
Come on, now.
Breathe, breathe.
All right, pretty boy?
Three minutes left.
It's the final
three minutes.
All right?
It's all up to you,
Anthony.
You need a knockout.
It's your time
to make history.
This is your last chance
you'll ever be here again.
Everything you've
been through
in your life
comes down to these
final three minutes.
So you give it everything
you have left in your body
and shut that asshole up!
Yeah.
All right?
You hear me?
Now you get out there.
You're my champ!
- Go ahead.
All right, here we go
for the twelfth
and final round!
Dawson's got Rodriguez
in the corner.
Oh, some great body shots
by Rodriguez!
A hard right!
Wow, he's got him!
Show him
who the champ is!
There you go!
Yeah!
Dawson's down
for the first time
in his career!
Oh, my god! He's done it!
Anthony Rodriguez is the
new middleweight champion
of the world!
Goodbye, Reggie Dawson.
Hello, Anthony Rodriguez!
In a stunning upset,
Anthony "lefty" Rodriguez
became
the middleweight champion
of the world last night,
beating undisputed champion,
Reggie Dawson,
in a twelfth round knockout
that stunned the boxing world.
Some words
from Reggie Dawson.
Yo, man,
are you kidding me?
Are you people everywhere?
Yo, let tell you
something right now.
Anthony Rodriguez
is one lucky mother--
I want to tell him
right now,
matter of fact,
I want to tell all of y'all.
I want a rematch.
That shit ain't gonna
happen again.
Get out of my face,
it's over.
Hello.
Yeah, I know.
Don't worry about it.
If I say
I'm gonna be someplace,
then I'm gonna be there.
Hey, I can't believe it.
That's Anthony Rodriguez.
-I know him.
-You know him?
Yeah, we're good friends.
Hey, Anthony!
What,
you don't remember me?
Come on. Sal?
Sallie from the neighborhood.
I go to all your fights.
Yeah, yeah, that's right.
How you doing?
I'm doing great.
I am doing great, Anthony!
Not as good you, though.
I mean, come on, man,
that's some set of wheels
you got there.
And that fight last night...
Way to go. I'm so glad
you kicked Dawson's ass.
Thank you.
Listen, I gotta meet
somebody inside.
Okay, sure. But, hey,
before you go,
you think maybe give a little
shout out in my cellphone here
for my wife, you know.
She's a big fan too,
and I'll impress her
if I bring it home with me
and all, you know?
-Okay, all right.
-I'll tell you when.
What's your name, again?
Sal! Sallie,
from the neighborhood.
-Come on, you know!
-Yeah, yeah, that's right.
You know.
All right, you're ready
and... go.
Hey, sallie!
This is your boy,
Anthony Rodriguez.
You the man, sal!
You the man!
Good?
Good? That was great!
Thanks a lot, Anthony.
I appreciate it.
Enjoy your lunch, champ,
all right?
Thank you.
I told you we were close.
Like that.
Hey, dino.
Hey, Anthony,
how you doing?
-Good, how are you?
-Congratulations.
-Great fight. Amazing.
-Thank you.
Larry's been waiting
here for you.
-Okay.
-Let me take your coat.
Thank you.
Let me know if you need
anything. All right.
Hey.
Anthony "lefty"
Rodriguez!
Forevermore known
as champ.
How are you, Larry?
Finally got you
in a one-on-one sit-down.
Why did you pick
this place?
The food.
It's really good here.
Most fighters, they want fans
to know who they really are,
where they come from,
what they're made of.
And reporters want
to know that too.
They want to connect
the dots.
But it's almost
like you've been hiding
something all these years.
I really wasn't ready
to talk.
But now since it's over...
I'm ready to tell you
how it all began.
So...
So tell me what it feels
like to be back here.
Don't actually
feel the same.
What do you mean?
Being here.
I haven't been
back since.
Since what?
We'll get to that.
What was it like for you
growing up in this
neighborhood, Anthony?
Whoa,
did you see that?
What else do we got?
The bandolier!
Matt,
what are you doing?
Save some stuff
for the fourth.
Ha! Fuck it!
Come on, Anthony.
Come on.
Oh, wow,
that was great!
Hey! Hey! Va fangul!
All the fuckin' day,
you light up-ah
these-ah fireworks
and put the fire
on the street.
And shut
the fucking music off!
Why you don't go
to the park, huh?
Okay. Relax,
Mr. volpe.
Don't you tell-ah me
to relax, Matthew.
Wait until I tell
your papa.
I would tell yours too,
Anthony,
but I don't talk-ah
to no spic.
Bastard.
I can't believe
that old geezer
said that to you.
It's all right, Matt.
I'm used to it.
It's not okay.
Hey, I got an idea.
The noise bothers
that cranky ass?
Wait till he gets
a blockbuster
through his
living room window.
This is crazy, Matt.
It's not a big deal.
This will just scare
the shit out of him.
You really need
to toughen up, Anthony.
Come on,
give me the lighter.
Light it up.
Oh, my god.
Come on, light it.
He deserves this
for what he said to you.
You son of a bitch!
Damn, that was loud!
What's going on,
Anthony?
Hi, dad.
Hi, Mr. Rodriguez.
What the hell
are you kids doing
on the damn curb?
We... we... we're
looking for something.
Matty dropped some money.
Money?
I don't see anything.
What's going on, Anthony?
Nothing.
Get your ass
back home.
See you later, Matt.
What?
Little shit.
Why... why you always
by the window, waiting
for your mother?
You're such a mamma's boy,
you know that?
You never waited for me
when I was working.
Look at me
when I talk to you!
You're like a kid
looking for his mommy.
"Mommy, mommy."
I didn't even have a mother
at your age.
You need to grow up.
And where the hell is she?
She's always out!
Where do you think
she is, dad?
She's working.
More than anyone
can say for you.
I was laid off,
you little shit!
I'll beat the--
I'll beat your ass.
Oh, come on, dad.
Seriously?
I'll beat your ass
for talking back to me.
What's wrong with you?
This needs to stop, man.
You need to stop.
You... you stop.
Anthony.
Anthony!
What?
You threw firecrackers
into Mr. volpe's living room?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Did you throw firecrackers
into Mr. volpe's living room?
That's what he told me.
You broke the coffee table,
you broke I don't know
what else in there
and I have
to pay for it
or he's gonna call the police
on you and your stupid friend.
Matt is not stupid.
He was just protecting me.
Mr. volpe
called me a spic.
Oh, Anthony, come on!
You know we've been talking
about this since you were
five-years-old.
People are ignorant.
Walk away from that.
They're gonna look
for a reaction from you.
Don't give it to them.
I love you so much,
but you've really
disappointed me.
Mary...
Where were you?
I was at work.
Where do you think I was?
Don't give me no lip!
And... and stop
babying this kid.
He's not a kid,
he's our son.
Our son?
He ain't nothing like me.
He's gonna be like
one of of these goombahs
around here.
Come on,
don't say that. Ooh.
Don't tell me what to do.
I'm... I'm gonna go
get more beers.
Uh...
See you in the bed
when I come back.
I never thought
i would say this,
but I'm really starting
to hate my own father.
He's in a really bad place
right now.
He needs our help.
He don't want help.
And it's only getting worse.
I will get him
to stop drinking.
This will get better.
The neighborhood
is going to explode.
So let's try to keep
a little peace
in the house, okay?
We will walk where we want.
This is Lauren Freeman.
We're here in bensonhurst,
Brooklyn on 20th Avenue,
a few blocks from
where 18-year-old
African-American
Tyrone Williams,
was shot and killed
as he came into bensonhurst
to look at a car
that he was looking
to buy.
Tyrone and two
of his friends
were approached
by an angry group
of white teenagers
who were upset about
one their girlfriends
dating a black man.
A large group
of African-Americans
are here protesting.
As you can see,
this is not sitting well
with the folks
in this neighborhood.
We will walk where we want!
We will walk
where we want!
Fuckin' nigger lowlifes!
Get the fuck out
of our neighborhood.
Shove that watermelon
up your honkey ass!
Give me this, Tommy.
You fucking Guinea,
I'll fucking kick your ass!
Get your ass out
of our neighborhood!
You don't belong here!
Fuck you, okay!
Get the fuck out of here!
You motherfuckers!
Fucking niggers!
Get the fuck out of here,
you fucking moolies!
You fucking eggplants!
You fucking hamster!
-Can you believe that shit?
-I know, right?
What did you do that for,
Dominick?
That was pretty drastic.
Drastic?
These niggers have no right
to march through here.
How many whites get killed
in their neighborhood
and we never hear
a damn thing about it?
A nigger dies
in a white neighborhood
and these monkeys
start marching.
He's right.
Whether he's right or wrong,
it doesn't matter, Tommy.
This is crazy.
Look at
what's happening here.
I know, Maria.
And the black kid
didn't deserve to die.
The poor kid came around
here to look at a car
and he ended up dead.
Of course, you,
of all people,
would say that.
What's that supposed
to mean?
Well, this is an Italian
neighborhood, Anthony,
and you're not
fully Italian.
I mean,
everyone knows
you have a drunken,
greasy spic for a father.
Don't use that word,
Dominick.
I don't like that.
Leave him alone, Dominick.
Yeah, come on, Dominick.
We're all friends here.
Yeah, you're right, Maria.
Let's shake, Anthony.
Forget about it.
Fuckin' spic!
What's wrong with you,
Dominick?
What are you gonna do,
Rodriguez, huh?
Shit,
that's some last name.
Fuckin' pussy.
You can be a real jerk
sometimes.
Come on, guys,
let's get out of here.
Yeah, let's go.
Matty, come on!
Anthony!
Anthony, stop!
I wanna talk to you.
Talk to me about what?
About how I let
that piece of garbage
get away with hitting me?
He gets out of hand
sometimes.
He feels like he can do
whatever he wants.
You know why, right?
I know what I've heard.
My dad said
his father is in the mafia.
Well, it's true,
and that's why
he acts that way.
He thinks he's untouchable
because of his dad.
I'm so mad at myself
for letting him
get the best of me
and not hitting him back.
It's okay.
You're better than that.
And it doesn't matter to me
at all that your dad
is puerto rican.
You're a good friend
and I like you.
Well,
I think you know how much
i really like you, Maria.
I wish we could be together.
Oh, Anthony.
Right now, we're so young.
But who knows
what the future brings?
Come on,
let's go get a soda.
Okay.
What the fuck
are you doing?
You're always down here.
I didn't even
give you permission
to use this thing!
You don't even know
how to hit
the damn bag right.
That's how
you fuckin' do it.
Maybe you'll learn one day
when you become a real man,
when you get out from under
your mother's skirt!
I'm really not in the mood
for this right now, dad.
And I really don't understand
what you're so angry about
all the time.
You don't know shit, kid.
You got it all.
A nice roof over your head
and nothing to worry about.
A roof over our heads
and it's because of mom.
Hey!
You show some respect,
or I'll beat your ass
right here!
I don't care if your mother
protects you or not.
Where is that bitch?
She should be home, anyway.
You wanna know something,
dad?
I hate when people act racial
and use words like spic.
But you...
You're a no-good spic
piece of shit.
Why, you--
mi hijo
es malo.
Mi hijo es malo.
"Mi hijo
es malo."
Some of the few Spanish words
i learned
from hearing them so much.
Do you know
what it means?
I can't say that I do.
My no-good son.
That was the first time
i was knocked out.
And by my own father.
He was out of control...
...but that night,
he took things too far.
What the fuck?
What the fuck did you do?
What the fuck will you do?
What the fuck
were you thinking?
What you thinking?
I never knew
that it was
a different building.
And it's the same
fucking bullshit--
a brave man and he had
a reason to be there.
You know how it is.
-Good night, Mary.
Heya, Mary.
How was work?
Long as usual.
Good night, Enzo.
Buona notte, sweetie.
Where were you, huh?
Look at this.
Jose, don't do this
right now.
I was at work
where I always am.
What the hell are you doing,
saying hi to these
fuckin' goombahs for?
Enzo.
Why do you say hi to these
goombahs for, huh? Huh?
I walk down this street
because they keep
an eye on me, that's it.
I say hello, I say goodbye.
I know people
in the neighborhood.
Go take care of Anthony.
He got a beat down, bitch.
He got a beat down from--
he got a beat down from me
because of you.
-Stop it! Stop it, stop!
-Hey! Hey! Hey!
We'll take care of it.
All right, we'll handle this.
No!
Let us handle this.
That's all right,
it's enough!
Fucking punk!
All right, come on.
Let's get out of here.
Come back down here, guys,
come on.
You okay?
Come on.
I'm sorry.
-I'm sorry.
-That's all right, get up.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
He can't come back here.
He has to stay
away from here.
You know, there's people
in this neighborhood,
they never forgive.
And they never forget. Ever.
We can get along just fine
without him.
Well...
We're gonna have to.
It'll work out, mom.
I'm gonna get a job
to help out.
That'll be $5,
miss caruso.
Thank you.
Have a great day.
Anthony, you're doing
great work, okay?
There may be
a little surprise for you
at the end of the night.
Remember,
today's payday, right?
Hey, Anthony.
We sold more chicken cutlets
this week than I can remember.
Put the broom down.
Let's celebrate.
-Celebrate?
-Yeah
come over here.
Take your apron off,
all right?
Work is over.
Come on,
let's have a little drink.
No, I'm okay, Mr. v.
Hey, I told you.
Call me Jerry.
Don't insult me.
We'll just have
a little scotch, okay?
To celebrate.
Cheers.
See? It's not that bad.
Actually,
it's pretty strong.
Here's your pay, okay?
I put an extra $50 in there
for the week.
You did good, okay?
You worked hard. Take it.
Thank you.
You didn't have
to do that, Mr. v.
It's okay.
I mean,
i feel for you.
It must suck,
not having your dad around.
It's okay.
Me and my mom are fine.
-I'm gonna get going.
-Hey, no, no, no,
can't you sit and talk
for a little while?
Nah, I really gotta go.
Anthony...
Relax.
Relax, my boy.
You're way too tense.
You know, maybe you need
a little massage.
No, I'm okay.
Really, Mr. v.
I don't need a massage.
Anthony, it's okay
if it feels good.
What the hell are you doing?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong with me, huh?
I like you.
People looked at me
and thought I was crazy
for hiring a puerto rican.
But I did it.
I did it 'cause of you.
You're sick,
you know that?
I'm sick?
Get out of here!
You're fired!
And don't come back!
Like I really would!
Hurry up and eat
and get back to work.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Just won't be going
back to work no more.
Why not?
I just think I can do
something better
than work
in a butcher shop.
You can do something better
with your life.
You're gonna do
something better.
I don't know what it is,
but it's gonna be huge.
I hope so, mom.
I got a surprise for you.
A surprise?
Close your eyes.
Wow, mom.
You're the best!
These are great.
I'm very proud of you.
I know it hasn't been easy
with your father
the last couple of years
but...
You made everything better.
And you've brightened up
every day.
Well, that's 'cause
you're an angel, mom,
and I love you.
Would you believe
he's still on the telephone?
-Hey, guys.
-Hi, Mary.
-Hiya, Mary.
-Hi, Enzo.
Where you going?
Holy shit!
Hey, Mary... oh, no!
Frank!
Get an ambulance!
My Anthony...
Enzo...
Take care of my boy.
That was the last day
of my childhood.
Sorry to hear that.
Every day...
Every day she would pray
to him before she came in.
You're gonna be all right,
Anthony.
We'll take care of you.
My dad said it.
You can come
and stay with us.
I need some time
alone, Matty.
I just want to sit here
by myself for a while, okay?
Sure.
I understand.
I'll come back later.
Hey, Mr. v!
Hey, Anthony.
How 'bout a massage?
Anthony! Anthony!
Anthony--
relax!
Shit!
That's Mary donato's kid.
Pull over!
Anthony, relax!
Relax! Anthony!
Hey, break it up!
Anthony!
Straight flush.
You got something bad,
you know what I mean?
No. Straight flush.
Yo, t.A.
Hey, vinny,
how you doin'?
Where'd you get that suit?
Hey, bg, where else?
How bad was this beating?
I mean, how far
did it really go?
How bad was it?
Pretty bad.
This kid
packs quite a punch.
He seemed real determined
to kick the shit out of Jerry.
We got a little
Mike Tyson over here.
Well, before you
explain yourself,
'cause you are going
to do that,
want a soda pop
or something like that?
-Soda pop?
-Yeah.
I just buried my mother.
I think I could use
something a little stronger.
How old are you now?
-Sixteen.
Have at it.
Why did you give Jerry
a beating?
I don't want to talk
about it.
Well...
I got news for you.
This is my neighborhood,
see?
And I need to know
everything that goes on
in my neighborhood.
So you need
to talk about it.
Well, then I guess
you need to know
that the neighborhood butcher
is a fuckin' faggot,
who tried to have
his way with me.
Did I hear you clearly?
Jerry's a faggot?
Makes me feel
kind of nauseous.
Where'd you learn
to fight like that?
All I did when my father
was drunk off his ass,
was pound that heavy bag.
And I really love boxing.
Do you ever
think about
taking that built up anger
and that boxing talent
and getting paid for it?
All the time.
You ever hear
of Eddie "rocks" travor?
Of course.
He was a great
heavyweight in his day.
So, let's say I hook you up
with Eddie.
Eddie rocks.
You... really,
you don't have to do that.
I don't have to
do nothing.
But it's already done.
Thank you.
So that's how it started
with boxing, Larry.
I met Eddie "rocks" travor
and to this day,
he's still my trainer.
That Enzo,
he saw something in you.
I guess he did.
This was one serious guy.
Hey, Jerry.
We heard
you like little boys.
You said you were
from the neighborhood,
right, Larry?
So then
you must know this...
The mob,
it can be a cancer
to some people,
but it was also built
for a purpose.
To protect the neighborhood.
If you did wrong,
especially back then,
there were
serious consequences.
Hey!
You fuckin' sand nigger!
Death...
Pretty serious consequences.
Look at who
we're talking about
here, Larry.
A fuckin' pedophile,
who apparently
molested other kids.
And a lowlife
gypsy cab driver,
who speeds through
the neighborhood,
kills an innocent woman
and then drives away.
Are you okay
with these thugs
being the judge, jury
and executioners?
That's one question
I'm not gonna answer.
Yo, Larry.
Remember Hector Gomez?
Who could forget him?
Bad blood
between these two
and we got a rowdy crowd
here tonight, folks.
Come on, baby!
Gomez popping the jab,
showboating.
Come on, Anthony! Yeah.
Look at him
taunting Rodriguez.
And a shove
at the end of the round.
Go back to your corner.
Come on.
What the fuck, Anthony?
Hey, I know
this Colombian moves
like he's on an eight ball
of cocaine,
but that don't matter.
You let him float
as much as he wants,
then you get him
on the inside
and pound that body.
Send that prick
back to Colombia.
Okay! Get him!
I love this guy! Yeah!
Rodriguez comes out
like a ball of fire
to start the round.
Come on!
Fierce trading
in the corner.
Whoa!
The crowd loves it!
You got him! Come on!
Rodriguez pummeling him!
-Mother...
-Boom, boom, boom!
And down goes Gomez!
Three, four, five...
Six, seven...
Eight, nine, ten.
Out.
Rodriguez, you suck.
You suck, Rodriguez!
Excuse me.
What'd you just say?
He just got lucky, bro.
You heard me. He sucks!
You suck!
That's my best friend, man!
Who you talking about?
Yeah, man, he sucks!
Fuckin--
you're a bum! Yeah,
he's gonna be the champion!
You'll see!
I knew that Hector Gomez
had nothing on you.
I went wild
when you knocked him out.
I almost had my own brawl
in the stands.
Not everyone
is gonna like me, Matty.
You gotta understand that.
I'm glad we finally
got a chance
to check this place out.
I know, there's some show
tonight too.
Gino fratelli
is up at the balcony.
That's Enzo's boss, right?
From what I hear,
he's everyone's boss.
Look at this.
Gino wants to talk to you.
Okay.
I said you.
Not yous.
No problem.
Come on, let's go.
I must have called him,
i don't know, like,
15, 20 times, I mean.
And he doesn't answer
the phone.
And you ought to make it
clear to him,
-that's not good enough.
-I'll take care of it.
I don't have time for them.
It's like you gotta use
your head.
I know.
You gotta think
about the big picture.
Where you're gonna--
here.
Anthony, sit down.
You know who I am, right?
Of course, Mr. fratelli.
I remember,
back when I was a kid,
my mom told me
a very powerful man
owns this place.
And now
I'm sitting here with you.
First of all,
call me gino.
I saw your fight last night.
That's some left hand
you got.
That Colombian guy,
he never knew what hit him.
Thanks.
I'm left-handed myself.
Back when I was fighting
guys in the streets,
they were always
guarding for the right hand
and I'd slip in
that left hook.
Crack to the eye.
I wasn't so bad
with my hands
when I was your age.
Maybe you should of been
a fighter.
No, no.
There's not nearly
enough money in it.
I know they probably
didn't pay you
very much money
for last night's fight.
A guy like you,
struggling to come up,
they pay you nothing,
and this low-life
Reggie Dawson,
they pay him what,
like $30 million a fight?
Yeah, well,
he's the champ.
He's a piece of garbage.
It's his arrogant
fuckin' attitude
i don't like.
I can't wait
for somebody to knock him
on his fucking ass.
You and me, both.
Yeah.
Enzo really loves you,
Anthony.
He thinks the world
about you.
He talks about you
all the time.
He's been real good to me.
Good.
I'm gonna make sure
it stays that way.
Not a lot of people
from this neighborhood
go on to achieve
great things.
No matter what it is
you're doing,
it's hard to climb
your way to the top.
I think you know
where I'm coming from.
I do.
You keep believing
in yourself, Anthony,
because we believe in you.
Thanks, gino.
You go enjoy yourself.
We'll talk soon.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Here you go, buddy.
Thanks a lot, Anthony.
Sure.
-Hey, Anthony!
-Hi, Maria.
I heard you won
your fight.
Yeah, I did.
You know, you never come
to any of my fights.
I guess someone
don't want you there.
You know
i would love to come.
It's just not so easy
sometimes, all right?
Dominick's got his
jealous moments.
Yeah, well,
that's what you chose.
So...
-What can I get you?
-Look.
I'm not here
for the pizza.
I wanted to congratulate you
on winning.
I mean, I know how long
you've been working
on this boxing thing
and I really want it
to pay off for you.
Start making
some real money.
Real money?
I guess that's
what it's all about
for you, Maria.
That's not true
and you know that.
Then why you wearing
a huge rock like that?
I guess all that
loan sharking
and bookmaking
can really come in
pretty handy.
I can't believe
you would talk
like that.
I can't believe
you would go this route.
You know,
i just lost my appetite.
Hey,
what's the matter?
Nothing.
Don't tell me "nothing."
I saw who just walked
out of here.
I don't believe
after all these years,
she still could get to you.
You know
she's with Dominick now.
You know what
Dominick's capable of.
He's a made guy.
I really don't care
what he is.
Let's talk
about something else.
All right.
Let's talk about
how I just plowed
Mrs. Schwartz
on my last delivery.
It was a really good day
today, Matty.
The place is really
starting to come together.
What the fuck
are you doing?
I thought I'd be doing
something better than making
fuckin' pizza boxes.
What are you
talking about?
The pizzeria is doing good.
Didn't it pay
for the sweet chevelle
that you're drivin'?
Yeah.
But I thought I'd be doing
something better.
This ain't enough action
for me, man.
You know what I want to do.
Then take the test again.
I failed it three times,
Anthony.
Three fucking times!
I can't seem to get
this series seven.
You know why?
Because I'm not disciplined
like you.
You wake up every morning,
you exercise, you eat right.
Me, I can't even stay
focused enough
to fucking study right.
Well, that's on you.
If you want to be
a stockbroker,
then do it.
Stop chasin' all these girls
and pass the test, bro.
You want me
to stop chasing girls?
Yo, Annie can't go to ac
with me this weekend.
Why don't
you come instead?
No, Matty. No way.
I'm not going with you
to Atlantic city tonight.
No, don't give me
that look, Matty.
I'm not going.
All right.
What a break.
I can't believe it.
That's six hands
in a row I lost.
Maybe you should call it
a night.
You're down about four gs.
That's a lot of
pizza to make.
You know what?
I'm all in.
All in, baby. Come on.
Nice.
Queens, baby, I love it.
Twenty.
I'm good.
Nice! Come on, baby, bust!
Bust! Come on!
Come on!
Twenty-one.
You suck! You know that?
You can't give me
a frickin' hand?
I'm sorry, sir.
It's not his fault.
Come on,
let's go home.
No way, Anthony.
My host comp'ed a suite.
Let's go to the pool party.
I heard it's pumping.
Come on, let's go.
You know what?
Take a walk
to the bar with me.
You, too. Come on.
That waitress wants you.
Yeah, right.
You're so hooked
on Maria,
who you're not even with.
I need some pussy, man.
I'll even bang
a hooker tonight.
Yo.
I noticed you
from my table.
You're that fighter
they call lefty, right?
Anthony Rodriguez?
Yeah, that's me.
Well, don't be getting
a big head
'cause I recognized you.
The only reason I did
is because
my cousin, vito, is a boxer
and he's fighting you
next month.
Vito germano
is your cousin?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm Nicky germano.
Vito's a good fighter.
It should be a good match.
Good match?
He will knock you
the fuck out
in the first round.
I'm glad you think so,
Nicky germano.
Come on, Matt, let's go.
Who the fuck
do you guys think you are,
coming over here
and your Jersey shore crew?
My boy over here
is gonna kick the shit
out of your cousin.
Get the fuck out of here,
you fucking wannabe Joe pesci.
I'll fuckin' bitch-slap you.
You ain't gonna do shit.
Now you and your friends
go back where you came from.
We're not looking
for any trouble, all right?
Come on.
Well,
I don't know
if you know this or not,
but I do a little boxing
myself.
Yeah, golden gloves and all.
Good for you.
Good for me.
Let's go, guys!
You're out of here.
Come on, man!
Get him out of here, too.
Get the fuck off of me!
I'm gonna fucking sue
this place!
Get the fuck off me.
Hey, look at this.
What a bunch of shit?
He beat the shit
out of some guy
in Atlantic city.
He beat up the cousin
of the guy he's gonna fight
in a couple of weeks.
That's funny.
He beat him up
'cause he's gonna lose
to his cousin.
You think so?
He's been training hard
lately,
he's been fighting good.
And you say things
like that.
I'm joking around,
Enzo, okay?
Keep your comments
to yourself.
That's fucked up
that he had to spend
a night in the joint.
He's probably scared
shitless in there.
Here she is.
Thank god.
Saved by the shots.
Yeah, thanks, sweetheart.
Thank you so much.
-Thank you.
All right.
To, uh, our health.
The good life.
Mmm.
You havin' fun?
Yeah. Yeah, of course, I am.
I gotta go
to the ladies room, though.
Take a walk with me?
- Everything's good?
- -Ah!
-Hey, what do we got here?
-Hello.
Go, go, go.
-All right, guys--
-can we get you a drink?
No. Thanks.
I'm just trying to go
to the bathroom.
Me, too.
I wanna buy you a drink.
-You got your hands full.
-Aye.
You know what? I'm...
I'm with someone here,
all right? So just--
I don't see anybody.
Look at this shit.
For two more drinks?
Three?
How about you just fuck off
and get out of my way?
I could fuck off
but I don't want to.
Seriously, you don't want
to mess with my--
what the fuck
you think you doing,
stepping in front
of my girl?
I'm sorry.
We didn't realize
she was with you.
They said
that they were sorry,
all right? Just let it go.
Come on, Dominick.
You know I can't have
any trouble here.
There's no trouble, Danny.
We're good, okay? We're good.
Go ahead. Go do
what you were gonna do.
Doin' good, all right?
Hey, can my friends and i
buy you guys a drink?
Buy you a drink.
We didn't mean
any harm, bro.
I ain't your bro.
Now get the fuck
out of here!
-Go ahead. Now.
-Good idea.
Guys, let's go.
Okay.
Too bad.
She really had a nice ass.
These guidos...
They're always
lookin' for a fight.
Did I, um...
Did I just hear
what I thought I heard?
Yup.
Meet me outside.
-All right.
-You got it, dom.
Hey.
Where did Tommy
and Victor go?
Ah, they left.
They had something
they had to do.
-Don't do anything to them.
-Are you crazy?
-You see those guys?
-Let it go.
Come on.
It was a joke, those guys.
Seriously, it's okay.
Look, I gotta go.
I got something I gotta go do.
Here, why don't you stay here
with your girlfriend.
What happened?
Where are the guys?
I don't know.
You know dom.
He's a fucking crazy,
got a temper. Let's go.
Oh, and that ass, right?
Do you believe that ass?
Oh, so good!
Oh, I'm not your bro,
I'm not your bro!
Enough with that guy.
Let's go hit the other bars.
I'm driving.
Oh, shit! Look!
Oh, no!
Come on. I told you
we didn't want any problem
with you guys.
What makes you think
we got a problem, huh?
Come on,
let's get out of here, Rocco.
What were you thinking?
Can you tell me?
You just wanted to go
spend a couple of days
in jail,
is that it?
As you well know,
I've been there
and it's not a nice place,
especially for someone
like you.
You go and beat the shit
out of somebody
and they lock you up.
It's in the fucking papers.
What the fuck
were you thinking?
I know, Enzo.
I'm sorry, man, I...
I lost my head.
You know what...
This is a very important
time for you,
and it's a time
for you to focus.
You shouldn't have been
in Atlantic city,
in the first place!
I know.
You're right.
This guy's gonna
eat you alive.
You got the rest of your life
to do that kind of thing.
You know, you've been
doing this for a long time,
but your window is closing.
You only have a limited
amount of time left
before you can reach
your full potential.
And you gotta get involved.
You gotta want to get there.
You know you're not there
'cause your head ain't right.
Stay away from Matty.
He's... he's bad news.
He's trouble for you,
goddamn it!
I'll stay out
of trouble, Enzo.
But I can't stay away
from Matty.
His family raised me
after my mother died.
He's like my brother.
Live in the gym.
You got Eddie.
He's the best trainer
you can have.
Don't let everybody down.
Don't let yourself down.
I gotta fucking meet gino.
He's gonna go fucking nuts
if I'm late, all right?
You walk me out?
Absolutely.
Yo, Vic, let's go!
-Ready, Enzo?
-Yeah.
-Ciao, Enzo.
-Enzo.
Whoa, Anthony!
Where you going?
Stick around.
Have a drink.
No drinks for me.
You're fightin'
that Italian kid from Jersey
soon, right?
-Yeah.
-Yeah, and you...
You're fucked.
I mean, he's probably
pretty pissed off
you beat up his cousin.
What the fuck
was that about anyway, huh?
What are you...
What are you,
fuckin' stupid?
Oh, what's the matter?
You gonna tell Enzo now
what I said?
I don't need
to tell Enzo anything.
How's your friend
Matty doing?
Huh?
You know, his pizza sucks.
Take care, guys.
Why you gotta break
his balls like that?
And you know the pizza
is awesome in there.
Come on. We've known him
and Matty all our lives.
He's never been nothing more
than a spic to me, Tommy.
Okay?
Finish your drink.
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
All right.
Yeah,
you got it, baby.
Yeah.
I love the sound
of that!
Sweet rhythm.
Yeah, it's do or die for you
in these next few fights.
I know, Eddie.
Hmm.
I don't want you to make
the same mistakes I did.
I never thought I'd see
the inside of a jail cell.
It's not a pretty place,
is it, Anthony?
No, it's not, Eddie.
Try spending six years there
instead of two days.
I had six years to think
about all of my fuck-ups.
There always gonna be people
who're gonna try
to knock you down
and get in your head.
Fuck 'em.
You got a gift,
and you get it
from both sides.
You're a half-breed.
You got the Italian heart
of a rocky marciano
and the Spanish moves
of de la hoya
or Roberto duran.
Yeah, don't waste
what you got, kid.
Don't disappoint.
You got no fuckin' excuse.
It's time for you
to bring this all
to another level.
All right, Eddie.
Now get your ass down there
and take a shower.
All right, buddy.
Good work, baby.
Can I help you?
No, I'm just thinking.
Thinking?
Yeah.
I used to live here.
Yo, Anthony,
what are you doing
over here?
Get in.
No, Matty.
I'm just gonna go home
to relax.
Please, Anthony.
It's important.
Come on.
I need someone to talk to.
It'll just be an hour, tops.
I promise.
His jeans were tighter
than mine.
Um, with a popped collar.
I'm gonna do it, pal.
I'm finally gonna study hard
and then take
the stockbroker's test.
This time,
I'm not gonna fail. No way!
Now that's what I like
to hear, Matty.
Make it happen.
It's because of you.
I see what you do every day
and it motivates me.
I'm really sorry
about that fight we got into.
I should have
never took you to ac.
It's all right.
Shit happens sometimes.
Look at that.
You'd think I'd slow down,
that my libido would relax
a little as I got older.
I wanna bang everything.
I don't even care
how hot they are.
As long as
it's a new piece of ass.
There's nothing like
that first time with a girl.
It's the ultimate thrill.
I don't know how anybody
could just be with one girl.
So you don't ever
want to get married?
I don't have a Maria
in my life like you.
It doesn't matter.
It's all just a dream
with that girl.
You said one drink.
I'm gonna drive
your car home.
Let's go.
You're the only one
doing anything
in the neighborhood.
I'm so proud of you.
I love watching you
in that ring.
You're gonna hold up
that belt one day.
I fuckin' know it.
-Thanks, Matty.
-I know it!
Come on, let's go.
Let me finish my drink.
I really...
I need a cigarette.
I'll be right back.
Excuse me, do you have
an extra cigarette?
Sure, sweetie.
Thank you.
I'll take your number too.
-Um. No, I don't think so.
-No?
-Thanks.
-You kidding me?
Let's go.
Like that hot girl is gonna
give that jerk-off her number.
Let's go, Matt.
All right, listen.
I want a cigarette.
Hey buddy,
you got a cigarette?
Sorry, buddy, all out.
What do you mean all out?
I just seen you
give that girl one.
If you looked like her,
i would.
But you don't,
so you're not.
Look, I don't want
a problem, pal.
All I want
is a lousy cigarette.
And I gave you
your answer.
So why don't you
and your friend
go fuck yourselves.
All right, calm down.
Are we really gonna argue
over a fuckin' cigarette?
Hey, man! Behind you!
Behind you!
-He got my fucking arm!
-You all right?
Yeah.
That motherfucker should
have gave me a cigarette.
You fucking pounced him!
That motherfucker's got a gun!
Get out of here!
--Shit!
The fucker shot at us!
You believe that shit?
Oh, my god.
I can't be doing this
no more.
We're lucky to be alive.
And this is for sure
gonna get back to Enzo.
We're probably gonna have
a sit-down over this.
I... I just really
don't need this shit.
You're the one lucky
to be alive.
I don't got much
to live for.
Don't talk like this.
You know that's not true.
I'm just a fuck-up
that can't get
my shit together.
I... I shouldn't be
getting you
into these situations.
You got too much
going on right now.
You're just better off
staying away from me.
I don't want to stay away
from you, Matty.
I just can't be hanging out
in bars and stuff right now.
I gotta give boxing my all.
I know, Anthony.
Where are you going?
This is your car.
Keep it for now.
I gotta get my shit together.
I'll just end up
fucking crashing it anyway,
'cause I'm gettin' drunk.
Matty!
Matty, where are you--
get back here!
I'll talk to you soon.
Get that arm looked at.
Matty!
Maria!
Maria.
What happened?
Come here.
What the hell happened?
Did Dominick do that to you?
Get in. Get in.
What are you doing?
You're gonna get us killed.
I'm gonna find him.
Is he in the social club?
-Answer me, Maria!
-Are you crazy?
-Have you lost your mind?
-Maybe I have!
There's no way
I'm gonna let him get away
with hurting you.
No fucking way!
Look,
it's okay, all right?
-It's not okay.
-It is okay.
Look, I'm over him. I'm done.
I'm done with Dominick!
Just let it go!
Okay, going after him
is just gonna make it
far worse
for both of us,
all right?
Please, let it go.
What happened
to your arm?
It don't matter.
It's okay.
It's not okay.
You need to dress it better.
Let's just go
to your place.
What the hell did you do,
Anthony?
I can't believe
we both got messed up
on the same night.
There, that's better.
I remember
taking that picture.
I can't believe
you still have it.
So I can look
at you every day.
Your mom was so pretty.
She was beautiful.
She'd be real proud of you.
You're doing
something special.
It hasn't been
so special yet.
It will be.
So tell me.
What happened to your arm?
Even with that bruise
on your face,
you're so beautiful.
You always have been.
-Your turn.
-Come on. No
no more. Come on.
You piece of shit!
Please. Please,
give me a break.
That was a good one.
That's enough. It's over.
What the fuck
were you thinking?
I was drunk.
I don't know.
Huh?
I'm sorry.
No guns get shot
in my neighborhood
unless I give the okay
that they get shot.
- You understand?
You stupid fucking moron.
Not only are you
shooting off guns
in my streets,
you're firing at somebody
who's close to me.
I don't like that.
I don't like that one bit.
I am sorry. I'm--
shut up!
Don't you say
a fucking word, man!
I'm so-- Mr. devino,
I'm so--
it'll never happen again,
i promise.
You're sorry. I'm sorry too.
Everybody's sorry.
-So because you say that...
-I'm sorry.
You should get up
and walk out, is that it?
I made a mistake.
You gotta go.
No! No!
No! No, no, no--
so, Maria,
I've been thinking,
let's do something tonight.
I wanna be able to do
different things with you
and not just stay here.
So you don't like
what we've been doing
in your apartment?
Of course, I do.
Let's just give it
a little time.
Us being seen together
right now
won't be good
for either of us.
I wanna leave this place.
I'm done with it.
I'm leaving
after this next fight.
Come with me.
I can still train and box,
but just
in a different place.
I never thought
that I would say this,
but I want to get out
of here, too.
I want a different life
and I want it with you.
Yeah, yeah, right there.
You got it, baby. Come on!
Yeah, give me
some movement.
Okay, give me
Give me a jab move.
Keep your feet moving.
Left, right,
left, right.
Come on, Anthony!
Yeah, baby! Yeah!
Pump it. Yeah!
That's it!
What do you think,
we're fucking stupid?
What are you talking about,
Enzo?
You didn't think
we were gonna find out,
did you?
Yeah, we find out
everything, Anthony.
All right?
When are you
gonna realize that?
Enzo,
what are you talking about?
We had to take care
of those idiots
that you got in the fight
with in the bar, right?
Enzo,
you didn't have to do that.
Anthony, Anthony, come on.
You weren't supposed
to get in trouble anymore.
Right? That's what you said.
It was either you or them.
I mean, which way
did you want it to go?
Hey, give me a minute
with him, would you?
I've been looking after you
for a long time, kid,
you know that.
I think the world of you.
Been watching your back
and want to point you
in the right directions
and make sure you got
all the good things of life.
And I'd never let anybody
fuck with you.
Now I'm starting to wonder
if I've been believing
the wrong thing all this time.
Don't make a jerk out of me.
I wouldn't do that
to you, Enzo.
You remember...
You remember that dirty,
stinking pedophile?
You beat the shit
out of him.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Go and do that
to this vito guy.
And you gotta fight
with the same thing.
Oh, I plan on it, Enzo.
I hope so.
Wake up, Anthony.
Come on.
I love you. Okay?
Maria.
Dear Anthony...
This last week
has been amazing.
I thought about everything
we talked about.
The thought of leaving here
with you
seems too good to be true.
But I can't.
It's just too much
for us both to risk.
And even though Dominick
can be such a jerk,
he's all I know.
I've been with him
for so long,
I think it's only right
to go back with him
and give him another chance.
I wish you nothing
but the best,
and I will always remember
this wonderful time
we just spent together.
Love, Maria.
Now!
All right. Yeah!
Yeah! Come on.
Move your feet now.
Yeah! Beautiful, beautiful,
beautiful.
You got him!
Six, seven, eight--
yeah, I'm good!
-Come on!
-Get in your corner.
Hey, that's what
I'm talking about!
You're on fire, Anthony.
Okay? He's all yours.
Finish him this round.
Hello.
Is this Anthony Rodriguez?
Yeah.
This is officer Johnson.
Can you come down
to the station, son?
Something happened
to your mother.
Hey, hey, hey!
Look at me.
Fuck New Jersey!
Show that prick
what Brooklyn's all about.
Come on! Go ahead, baby.
That's it, jefe!
Okay! Go-- go to him!
Finish him!
Now!
Come on now, think!
Oh, he's losing!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Come on, come on.
No!
Yes, yes, yes!
Hit him-- there you go!
Oh, you got him!
Yeah! Yeah!
Yeah, that's right, bitch!
One, two, three, four...
Five, six, seven, eight...
Nine, ten.
You're out!
Yeah, that's my cousin!
Vito germano!
Nicky germano!
Come on!
Awful... shit!
Oh, Anthony...
Right now we're so young.
But who knows
what the future might bring?
What the hell
is going on?
I don't get it.
I really don't.
That kid was destroying
that vito germano.
Come on.
I mean, don't think he took
one single punch
in the first round.
I didn't see it.
Second round, he comes on,
he's all over the place.
He's... he's like...
It's like he's on drugs
or something,
like a completely
different human being.
What happened?
Maybe he is on drugs.
What is that
supposed to mean?
I'm just saying.
What do you mean
you're just saying?
Oh, fuck you. Just sayin'.
I know you love
this kid, Enzo.
I just don't know why.
You don't know why?
You know what, Dominick?
You've had everything
given to you, okay?
And maybe you hate him
because he has a little bit
of puerto rican blood
in his veins,
could that be?
Well, you're starting to get
a little bit too comfortable
with yourself, I think.
Forgettin' who's running
things around here,
forgettin' who's in charge.
I was coming up in this game,
in this world, on this planet,
before you had hair
on your fucking nut sack.
You, fuck--.
Relax, Enzo, okay?
Everybody knows
who's in charge.
Good. That's good.
That's a good thing.
I don't want you to think
that I don't like the kid.
What, you think
that I don't want somebody
from our neighborhood
holding up the belt someday?
Ah, maybe you do.
Yeah. Besides...
We love you.
You love me?
Come on, Enzo.
We all do, you know that.
Come on.
You know we got
that meeting with gino.
A lot of people
come and go, Enzo.
But you and me,
we go back a long time.
You believe
I've had this joint
for over 30 years?
It's a landmark
in this neighborhood, but...
Everything else
around here is changing.
It's a different
fuckin' world now.
Yeah.
I mean, me,
I'm old school.
I just can't take this,
you know, social media,
websites and the cellphones,
you know?
Every time
you turn around,
somebody's pulling
a fucking camera
out of their pocket.
- Am I right?
-It seems like it.
And this social media thing
is gonna be the ruination
of the life we chose.
Yeah, I agree.
Hey.
I got a good one for you.
Let's hear it.
Vinny ferrato
has got a Facebook page.
What the fuck?
A friend of ours
has a Facebook page.
What is he gonna
put on there?
His hits?
The shakedowns?
Pictures of him in the can?
Pictures of his dick?
-Who knows?
-What the fuck?
I told that prick to come in.
I'm gonna poke his heart
out with a pencil
when he shows up.
He's a fucking moron.
What are you gonna do?
Guys like us,
we're a dying breed.
It's kind of sad.
Yeah, it is sad.
Speaking of sad...
Enzo, I wanted you
to come here to give me
an explanation.
An explanation of what?
I've been hearing
some things.
You heard some things?
A lot of people hear things.
Doesn't make it true.
I don't know what
kind of things you've heard,
or who's been saying it.
But I got a funny feeling
i know who said it.
That fuckin' mutt behind me!
I'd bet money on that.
He's filled your head up
with a lot of shit.
You shouldn't believe
what he says.
He's full of shit.
Thanks for the drink.
It's you, isn't it?
You're the mutt.
You couldn't let him speak?
What, so you could hear
a pack of lies?
Come on, gino,
we been through this before.
He was trying
to make a move on you!
Look, I did this
because I wanted to prove
my loyalty to you.
All right. Come on.
Clean up this mess.
So another person
that cared about you,
gone.
Yeah.
As Anthony Rodriguez
was knocked out
in the second round,
it was much different
for middleweight champion,
Reggie Dawson,
who won again
in the first round.
Hey, hey, come on now.
No big deal.
Look at the first round
knockout by yours truly.
You know, I told you.
I can't be beat.
I cannot be beat.
I told y'all that already.
That's right.
Atlanta, Georgia, baby.
All day, every day.
Representin' Atlanta--
matter of fact, man,
I am Atlanta.
You feel me?
That's right, all the other
so-called boxers out here
trying to get
in the ring with me,
you better step off
and stop wasting your time.
You're all gonna
get knocked out.
You know what I'm saying?
Hey,
is that lefty Rodriguez?
The greatest boxer
of all time?
Yeah, right.
That's why
i got my ass kicked.
Where the hell
have you been?
I've been looking
all over for you
and haven't heard a word.
I went by the pizzeria,
went by your house.
You know what
your dad told me?
He told me
you haven't been around.
He didn't know
where you were.
I told you
i wasn't coming around
until I got
my stuff together.
I just went away
for a little while.
Where?
Does it matter?
I'm doing the right thing.
I heard about Enzo.
I'm sorry.
I see you've been
taking care of my car.
Of course, I have.
I even fixed
the tail light.
That's great.
I'm gonna need it back now.
That's not a problem, right?
Why would it be
a problem, Matty?
It's your car.
Yeah, I know.
It's just...
Are you all right, Matty?
-Is something wrong?
-No, not at all.
You got the keys?
I gotta go.
You need a ride?
I can drop you off
at home first.
I can walk home.
Okay.
Are you sure
you're okay, Matty?
Of course, I am.
I'm just in a rush.
I got somewhere to be.
Let's catch up later,
all right?
You know...
I'm thinking
about getting married.
Really, Dominick?
Come on!
Yeah.
You know that week
we were broken up?
It made me
really realize what I had.
I mean...
I'm out
getting my cock sucked
every night.
And she's...
She's doing nothing.
She was crying over me
at her cousin's house
somewhere out in Jersey.
Hard to find, Dominick.
Yeah... yeah.
Hey, guys.
How's it goin'?
We good, Matty?
Yeah, it's parked outside.
Here's the keys.
You know, uh...
You're lucky.
You're lucky I decided
to take the car
as partial payment.
You know, because I'm not
really into these muscle cars.
I'm a caddy guy myself,
as you know.
You know, in fact,
I'm gonna sell your car
and I'm gonna get
myself another caddy.
Oh, it's my fault
that you're
a degenerate gambler, huh?
You gotta borrow
money from me
to keep open
that piece of shit pizzeria?
Oh, you know
you still owe
some vig on that, right?
'Cause next thing
I'm gonna do
is I take the pizza joint.
That won't be necessary,
Dominick.
I'll have the rest
of your money.
Yeah.
Well, for your sake,
i hope so.
Hey, how's your friend
doing, Anthony?
He sure got his ass kicked.
And by a full-blooded
Italian, no less.
Vito germano.
Germano.
I love that name,
you know?
Oh, and I wonder
what he's gonna do
now that Enzo's not around.
Anthony Rodriguez.
What a fuckin' waste.
Oh, I suggest you get
that look off of your face.
No look from me, Dominick.
Enjoy the car.
Hey, kid,
give me that bat.
So after all that,
she can't even tell me
to my face
that she's going back to him.
She was too embarrassed
to face you.
I poured my heart
out to that girl.
All these years
wanting her.
And for what?
I'm done with her.
I'm done boxing.
I'm fucking done
with it all.
What are you
talking about?
You're gonna quit boxing?
Don't talk stupid.
I'm tired of always
having to watch
everything I do.
Look at you!
Always drinking,
having a good time.
Me?
I'm sipping
on fuckin' water.
And for what?
I mean, really.
What's the point?
It's a good thing you left
your chevelle home.
Because I ain't
in no condition
to drive it.
I lied. It's not home.
I just got it painted.
Painted?
You got a sick paint job
on there already.
Well, I won a lot in ac.
Who cares?
It's only money.
Look at this.
Of all the people
to walk in here...
Relax, Anthony.
I can't relax.
If I wind up
staying here,
I'm gonna wind up
hurting somebody real bad.
Just go home.
Forget about it.
You got too much to lose.
Don't lose it with
this fucking asshole.
It's not worth it, man.
You know what, Matty?
Ain't gonna give her
the satisfaction.
If that's what she wants,
so be it.
They deserve each other.
Come on,
let's get out of here.
Now that's
what I like to hear.
Finally you grew some balls
when it comes to this girl.
Come on, man,
you don't need
her anyway.
Listen, go home,
I'm gonna hang
out a little while.
I'll meet you later.
I gotta meet Mrs. Schwartz
for a drink.
She finally got
a divorce.
We can
meet in public.
Mrs. Schwartz again?
Where do
you find these girls?
Come on, man,
i gotta get laid,
man. Come on.
I love you, man.
Fuck them.
What the fuck
are you looking at?
What do you mean?
Nothing, Dominick.
What are you
talking about?
Don't make me
smack you in here.
Smack me?
Yeah.
Why do you gotta talk
to me like that?
I don't understand you,
Dominick. I'm going to
the ladies room.
Yeah. You do that.
Go to the ladies room.
Hey.
What's up,
Dominick?
You know i--
I've been thinking
about something since--
since after you left.
I think I'm gonna keep
the chevelle.
Yeah, and drive it around
once in a while, you know?
I think it'll be a good
statement for me.
Because everybody knows
that was your car
and everybody knows
what a fuck-up you are.
And they'll know
that you fucked up with me.
Yeah, yeah,
how about I get you
a drink?
Ow! You motherfucker!
He's got a gun.
Let's get out of here.
I want your girlfriend
and everybody to see
what a bitch you are
without your
friends around.
You're fucking dead.
Matty, you kn-- ow.
Matty, stop!
Stop?
--Shut up.
Matty, please.
I don't know what's wrong
with you, girl.
Stop it.
-Stop.
-What's wrong with you?
Get out of here, Matty. Go.
Just go!
Get the fuck out!
I never liked you.
Please, stop.
I don't know.
Come on, Tommy!
Please!
I mean,
we known each other
since we're kids.
Fuckin' kids!
You're gonna do it
because of that piece
of shit Dominick? Come on!
-Just shut up, Matty.
-Please, stop!
We known each
other since we're kids, Tommy!
- Shut up, Matty.
-Please.
You know what?
Fuck you, guys.
Go ahead.
Fuck you! Go ahead!
He did it all for me.
That's how he was.
He always put me first.
In the end,
he took a bullet for me.
How did you deal with that?
Whoa, come on,
Anthony!
Anthony, you don't
want to do this.
You don't want to shoot
an unarmed man, come on.
Come on, look,
don't do this, man.
We known each other
since we were kids.
Put the gun
down, Anthony.
Fuck you, Dominick!
-Who is it?
-Open up, Anthony.
Hello, Anthony.
What the hell are
you doing here?
-Listen, son.
-Don't call me your son.
Whether you like it
or not, you are.
All I'm asking is you give
me a minute to hear me out.
That's all I ask.
-I really don't care what you
have to say.
-Please.
Just let me speak.
There is nothing
to speak about.
I buried you a long time ago.
I know you did,
and you had
every right to. But...
Just hear me out
and I will leave.
It took me years.
Years to forgive myself
for what I did to you
and your mom,
god rest her soul.
I was a horrible
father and husband,
but it wasn't me.
It was the alcohol.
It destroyed me.
But I've been sober
now for years.
I've watched almost all
your fights from a distance
and
you didn't know I was there.
I didn't have the courage
to face you,
because I knew if I did,
you would tell me to get lost.
All I ask that you give me
a chance to show you
that I've changed.
I'm old now.
And what I want is
to share the rest of my days
with you.
You're my son,
my blood,
and you've made me proud.
You made me proud.
Please, Anthony,
find a way to
forgive me.
And if you find it
in your heart,
give me a chance.
Just like that,
after all those years,
he shows up
on my doorstep.
Just before I was
walking out the door
to ruin my whole life.
When I look back at it,
I feel like it was a message
from my mom,
that my dad showed up.
I needed a break
from the only world
that I knew.
It's because of you.
I see what you do
every day and
it motivates me.
You're the only one doing
anything in the neighborhood.
I'm so proud of you.
I love watching you
in that ring.
You're gonna hold up
that belt one day.
I know it!
You can do something better
with your life.
You're gonna do something
better. I don't know
what it is,
but it's gonna be huge.
I'm very proud of you.
I know it hasn't been easy
with your father
the last couple of years,
but you made
everything better.
You brightened up every day.
--Come on.
We not ballet dancing,
this is boxing, come on!
- Eddie!
-Watch your body.
Yeah, what?
Phone call!
Keep jabbing.
Yeah? Hello.
I'm ready.
Hey-- Anthony?
Anthony, where
you been?
Get me a rematch
with germano.
I thought you were done
and it was over with.
Nah, it's far
from over, Eddie.
Set it up.
Yeah.
Remember the bag
in the basement!
He's going-- I see it!
He hit it!
Lookin' sweet.
You own him!
That's who his daddy is!
Come on, vito!
What the fuck, man?
Five, six, seven, eight.
This is not what you were
taught, come on!
Nine, ten, that's it.
All right, Anthony!
Huh? You love that!
No! No!
-It was a different
story this time...
-That's my son!
...for vito germano,
who was knocked out
halfway through
the first round
by Anthony "lefty" Rodriguez.
Come on, Anthony, go!
Get him off you!
Come on!
Knock him out, son!
You got him, baby!
There you go!
He's down! He's down!
He's down!
That's it, Italian power!
Puerto rican power!
Blue to corner.
Yeah, yeah!
That's my boy!
Yes! He's all yours!
That's it!
Finish him off!
Blue to corner.
Knock him out, son!
We're ready.
Five, six, seven...
We're ready!
Eight, nine, ten, out!
We're ready! Ha-ha!
Yeah!
Neighborhood kid.
He's representing, gino.
He sure is.
I hope he opens up
Dawson's fuckin' hole.
It's a big payday
for Anthony Rodriguez
as he is set to fight
undisputed middleweight
champion Reggie Dawson.
As well as
he's been fighting,
I still don't think
he stands a chance
against Dawson.
Dawson is just
too explosive.
He barely gets hit
and he's never
been knocked down.
I really don't see
Rodriguez getting out
of the first round.
Yo, are you kidding me?
Anthony who?
What's up with all this
Brooklyn stuff? Brooklyn this,
Brooklyn that.
- Who gives a damn?
- Brooklyn?
Look, son,
we came from a rough
neighborhood
and it wasn't easy being
a puerto rican there back then.
But that didn't break you.
And neither will this
punk Dawson.
You knock him out,
you hear?
You hit him hard.
These last few months
with you have been the
best time of my life.
Thank you.
You don't have
to thank me, dad.
I'm glad you're here.
You've been a big
inspiration to me.
Your mother would be proud,
mi maravilloso hijo.
What does that mean?
My wonderful son.
So you go out there
and you show the whole
world what you're about,
you hear?
Anthony.
Don't mean to disturb
your focus,
but there's somebody
outside that really wants to
talk to you.
Anthony Rodriguez.
Mike Tyson.
Man, I just came by to wish
a Brooklyn brother some luck,
that's all.
Speaking about Brooklyn,
you hear all that shit
that Dawson is
talking about,
dumping on Brooklyn?
I'm from Brooklyn
just like you,
and I took that personally.
Dawson's always talkin'
a lot of shit.
He's been able to
back it up, too
this time it's gonna be
different, right?
You're gonna prove
all these cocksuckers wrong
making you the
25-to-1 underdog.
You gonna go in there
and you gonna kick
his ass in the dirt.
All of Brooklyn
is behind you
out here.
You got this, man.
Trust me, you got this.
The crowd's electric here at
Caesar's palace
as the fighter from Brooklyn
Anthony "lefty" Rodriguez
makes his way to the ring.
Get ready, get in there!
Knock him out!
Oh, that's it.
Oh, man, stack it up!
There you go!
Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn!
It's all up to you, Anthony.
Everything you've been
through in your life,
it's your time to
make history.
Stay on him!
See, he's goin'!
The rest is history, Larry.
After all I went through
back in the day,
when my mom was alive,
that was the greatest
time of my life.
So has boxing
become an escape from
the real violence
in your life?
Or is it part of who you are?
Part of the rock
your mother was?
I always felt like
my mom was in
my corner
through every fight,
through every day.
I know she's
looking over me right now.
And whatever happened
to Maria?
As far as I know,
she's still
living around here.
I heard her
and Dominick got married.
Wow.
I thought he'd be
up the river,
-behind bars by now.
-Yeah.
Yeah, you
and everybody else.
He has a much smaller
crew now, so I heard.
So in a way,
us meeting here,
is a kind
of a statement.
"I'm not afraid
of anyone."
No, I'm not,
and that mob world,
it's changed so much.
You got these gangsters
on reality shows
right now.
It's a joke.
The joke's on them,
because
you're no joke.
You're the
middleweight champion.
They can never
take away that
achievement.
Thanks, Larry.
Way to go, Anthony!
Way to go, champ!
You earned it.
Thank you, buddy.
Way to go.
Sure, yeah, go ahead.
I heard that
you were here.
Being interviewed
by Larry merchant,
that's big time.
I told you that
you would do it.
Thank you.
So you know,
me and Dominick,
we got separated.
Really? That's too bad.
Yeah, actually it's mutual.
He's seeing some slut
in staten island.
-What about you?
-Me?
I've been waiting
for you to come back here
and rescue me.
Don't tell me that
you don't miss me.
'Cause I miss you
so much.
Could you
ever forgive me?
Of course, I could
forgive you, Maria.
I even forgave my father.
But I can't be
with you again.
Those days are gone.
Are you serious?
I'm dead serious.
I'm sorry you
feel that way.
Shit.
Dominick's here.
Why do you look
so nervous, Maria?
You can do whatever
you want now.
You know, I must say,
Rodriguez,
you shocked me.
You proved Enzo right.
Now, I call a spade
a spade.
You did it.
Congratulations.
You're not gonna
shake my hand?
Don't think for a minute
that I didn't know you two
wanted each other
okay?
And now you can
have each other.
What, did you think
you could just
come back here? Huh?
To my neighborhood?
You know what?
I'll see you outside.
Do you really think
i give a fuck about
you and your friend?
I've been waiting
my whole life
to tell you what
a fuckin' punk
i think you are,
and I will see
you outside.
You don't change, Dominick.
Go fuck yourself.
Okay, thank you.
What are you,
fuckin' stupid?
I'm so sorry, Mr. dom--
hey, how do
you like it, huh?
What's the matter,
they can't hire better busboys
at this joint?
Leave him alone,
Dominick.
Of course, one spic
defending another spic.
Oh, shit.
Go back to work.
I got this, dino.
All right, Anthony.
You're such a jerk-off,
Dominick.
He's a boxer, right?
You want some?
Uh...
Get that fuckin' camera
out of my face!
Oh, shit.
What are you staring at,
you bald headed prick?
Shoot him!
Go ahead. Shoot me.
You fuckin' pussy! I knew
i shouldn't have let you
in my fucking crew.
Crew?
This isn't 1989 anymore,
Dominick.
Oh, shit.
Hey, that was awesome.
Don't be puttin' that
on YouTube, sal.
On second thought,
do whatever you want.
Yeah?
-Ooh.
-What are you looking at,
you prick?
-What do you think?
-Get that fucking camera
out of my face.
You can do something better
with your life.
You're gonna do
something better.
I don't know what it is,
but it's gonna be huge.
The people from
olive garden came by.
They offered me four mil
for the building
and the restaurant.
Like I'm really
gonna sell out.
I said, "not in my
fucking lifetime,"
right, Rocco?
We know that, gino.
Aw, fuck.
I wanted to come by
and tell you that
I'm whacking that spic,
Anthony Rodriguez.
World champion or not,
i don't give a fuck!
That cocksucker put
his hands on a made man.
Broke my rib.
Yeah, we heard all about
your escapade
in front of la palina.
In fact, there's
a video of it all over
the fuckin' place.
I think maybe you're in the
wrong business, Dominick.
You should have been
an actor. Seems like
you love the attention.
We all make mistakes.
My mistake was believing
a fucking mutt like you.
Remember when Enzo
used that word
to describe you?
Well, he was right!
Fuck, Enzo!
Hi, Anthony.
Just one minute.
No, Tommy!
- Please, don't.
We known each other
since we were kids, Tommy!
Oh.
That's right,
we did grow up together.
Don't ever show your
face around here again.
-Okay.
-As far as
everybody's concerned,
you're dead and buried!
You got that, Matty?
Yeah, Tommy, thank you,
yeah, thank you.
Thank you, Tommy.
I'll call you
later, okay?
Okay. Bye, Matty.
So, how is this one?
You know, I actually
like this girl.
I think I'm gonna
settle down.
Yeah, okay.
On second thought, nah!
By the way,
how was the interview?
What was it like
going back to the old
neighborhood?
Come on, champ.
Tell me what happened.
You're gonna love it.
We couldn't do this
in Brooklyn when
we were shooting the movie,
but this is how
we really do it
in real life.
Brooklyn style, baby.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org